[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna recap the ninth of the
Friday the 13th series Jason goes to
hell it's the one that ties them all
together or so they had hoped let's get
into it we open on a woman taking a
leisurely drive through the wilderness
and are alerted via signage that she
appears to be headed toward Crystal Lake
and time before GPS she manages to cover
four miles in what appears to be hours
as she arrives after sundown she
approaches the house reticent to enter
for reasons unknown I mean she did
intend to arrive at this cabin correct
despite this she manages in a short
order to build up the courage to disrobe
and take a tubby which is all that's
necessary to summon Jason as if on cue
the lights go out
she towels up and goes exploring and we
find the source of the outage was Jason
as she gets chopped at by him and is
generally given a hard time she manages
to get outside and dukes of hazzard sit
over the hood of her car opting instead
to run off into the woods she comes to
rest in a field where we assume her
story will end and it does but not blood
Leigh you see this was a serial killer
huniepop the agent Kerri Strug her ass
out of there as the flood lights come up
in a semicircle of special agents
unloads on Jason like a Saltine it ends
within unnervingly closed air strike and
they all credit their success not
realizing that his heart will go on
meanwhile a mysterious made a black
watches from the shadows the remains are
transported to the coroner's office
where they take in accounting and begin
the process of making a professional
assessment massive tissue loss which is
grossly understated Phil gets up close
and personal with the heart when it
starts beating again hypnotizing him
into a suggestible state in which he
then invites the organ into his person
he works up most of it but has enough in
him to be overtaken by the spirit of
Jason just then his assistant returns
and takes the opportunity to tell off
Jason Voorhees a big ol in a very
specific way he ends up getting probed
by Phil who also manages to take out the
security guards who are undisturbed by
his general appearance we then get some
exposition from an Inside Edition style
TV show introducing us to Cretan Duke
colorful character who tells us Jason's
outward message is just
the true Jason is actually a body
hopping entity of some sort Duke is the
only one who knows how to kill him
somehow and he demands a $500,000 bounty
to do it we then cut to a Crystal Lake
diner cashing in on Jason hysteria Duke
is there a costing his waitress Diana we
get the impression from their
conversation that diana is related to
Jason somehow she then invites our main
protagonist even to her house later
introducing that she also has a daughter
who was romantically entangled with
Stephen and a granddaughter who is the
result of that romantic entanglement all
of this is important information given
the now relevant familial connection
plotline Steve duck faces in his car
like a damn pro before picking up some
teen hitchhikers having been on the road
for a few days they're not privy to the
most recent news and are visiting Camp
Crystal Lake in celebration of a new
post adjacent era as if there aren't
places to skinny-dip screw and get
slaughtered in the woods where they live
although to be fair it's unlikely anyone
would treat Debbie to such a brutal kill
and timed with Luke's climax to such
precision as to convert him into an
inadvertent necrophile back at the diner
we have a brief scene where deputy Josh
jump scares Diana out back before being
abducted by Jason and brought back to
the old Voorhees estate where he's
stylish ly bound and prepared for a good
old-fashioned shave down
Jason expertly removes his mustache the
source of his power and then enters his
body diana is talking to her daughter
Jessica who happens to be dating the
news host Robert deputy Josh creeps up
and gets fresh with Diana who stands her
ground while Jessica contacts the local
sheriff that possessed josh is in the
process of transferring his essence when
Steve shows up he fails to save Diana
and in failing to permanently put down
Josh casts himself as the most likely
suspect in her murder Jessica returns
home with her baby her friend Vicky is
cleaning the scene despite lacking the
proper licensing and credentials
Steve's tossed into a holding cell
adjacent Dook Dook entices Steve with
the promise of some important
information but then withhold suit and
claiming it comes with a high price
knowing there's no chance of a financial
transaction he demonstrates how much of
a psychopath he is as he repeatedly
dislocates Steve's fingers in exchange
for information on niblets while it's
not clear how he knows any of this
Duke confirms that jason requires a
Voorhees for permanent resurrection and
that only of where he's can kill him now
understand the full consequences of his
imprisonment Stephen turns on his bro in
a very non bro-oche way he goes straight
to the diner where he confirms his baby
has been safely tucked away in a produce
box he acquires the keys to Ward's car
and bolts Steve
goes to what we're left to assume is the
well-known location of the Voorhees
estate he soon finds that he's not alone
as Robert Sanderson doing some scouting
for a shooting location of a future
episode he has a hearty laugh about
readings when Josh shows up and inserts
his essence down the back of his throat
deputy Josh then proceeds to melt into
nothing in a pretty sweet sequence
Robert then shows up at Jessica's and
before he can give her the tongue slash
heart or whatever it is needs to be done
Steve shows up punches him and then
Tarzan's Jessica out of there he runs
Robert down for good measure before
heading down the road apiece
unfortunately this appears to be
outright murder to Jessica who dumpsters
him and alerts the police they easily
find him since he never bothers to get
up off the ground
and when he finds out jessica is at the
station he goes willingly with everyone
together they now all witness Roberts
Undead miss Steve delays him enough to
escape and in the confusion Duke finds
an opportunity to break free Jessica and
Steve go to the diner to retrieve their
baby but the owners aren't up to speed
on the goings on so they hold him off a
gunpoint until Robert forces his way
through a slow-motion shootout ends with
Shelby getting dunked in the frialator
and Joey getting her mouth caved in
Vicky's the last victim
Stephen finds a note in the baby box
that summons Jessica to the Voorhees
house alone once there Duke fills her in
on the prophecy confirms that he's
willing to put an end to Jason despite
the lack of bounty now that Roberts dead
he tosses her a knife that grows in her
hand and becomes a ceremonial dagger of
sorts the final sequence starts with the
arrival of two officers Jessie's not
sure who to trust but Edie helps her by
impaling himself on her dagger revealing
that Randy was the entity as he starts
ceremonial izing the baby
Stephen then shows up at the last second
and then this happens Duke gets pulled
up from the basement as Jason returns to
the womb for a rebirth and hence prilae
trampolines himself back to ground level
Duke gets bear-hug to death and then
Stephen distracts Jason while Jesse
attempts to retrieve her dagger Steve
takes a buttload of damage before Jesse
mercifully shows up and lights off that
roman candle from the spirit world which
summons the demons that ultimately
dragged Jason to health Jesse and Steve
then walk off into the sunrise with
their baby while the movie makes a
promise that won't be fulfilled for
another 10 years and that was Friday the
13th cult of the thorn an unusual turn
for the series but with enough war and
cool effects set I kind of like it let
me know in the comments below how you
rate this one amongst a series I hope
you enjoyed the video and thanks for
watching